When conducting a hypothesis test,
there are really two components that you have control over.
First, you should be asking yourself,
is my sample representative of my population of interest?
Are there ways to assure that everyone in
my population is accurately represented in my sample?
If your sample isn't representative,
then your conclusions are likely to be incorrect.
Second, you should know the impact of your sample size,
and the role that it plays on your results.
As your sample size increases,
even the smallest differences between
the two groups will appear as notable and statistically significant.
With the really large sample sizes that are becoming more frequent,
as a part of the data world,
we are seeing a large change in techniques
away from hypothesis tests for exactly this reason.
Imagine we are interested in which of two coffee types will sell better on the shelf,
and on average, maybe type one sells better than type two.
However, there are hundreds, thousands,
maybe even millions of individuals who still prefer a different type.
A hypothesis test just tells us that,
on average, type one will sell more than type two.
But with large sample sizes,
we should do better than this.
Discussing averages leaves out an entire part of the population who preferred type two,
or maybe did not care for either of these types,
but like a different type.
But with large sample sizes,
we can do better than this.
We can do better than hypothesis testing.
And this is what more and more people are finding out.
Using machine learning, we can individualize an approach.
So maybe, we sell twenty types of coffee and we know
what type every member in our population wants.
So these large sample sizes prove to be pretty detrimental to a hypothesis test,
but they are spectacular for
individual-aimed approaches using machine learning techniques.
We will get a glimpse of two of
these machine learning techniques in the last lessons of this class.